hi all the guys are from
wikileaks from there are running here on video
unburned rock band 3 glitches in one
video even if the third would be more a
trick that a glitch the first glik
I will show you how to change
the appearance of your character in
any time and you can change them on
sex eyes the origin all those
things you can do precisely when
started playing acted online for the
first time the second english instead
I will show how to become visible either
radar that as a person in any
session while the third click that
it would be more of a glitch than a trick
I will show you how to climb mountains and
quickly climb just any
mountain if you walk before
begin I remind you that I liked it
also because it only takes two
I think it seems to have a lot of it e
Let's start with the video right away
talking about the first glik to do precisely
this glee we will need a second
so if you already have a character
second character will touch you
delete it if you don't have it instead you have to
just create a second character mi
sorry for those people who have
precisely ii c already created character though
he will touch them if they want to do
this bleach
once the second character is created
you have to get to level 6 with note
the second character then once
reached the second character go
in any free session then
press start online go to change
character and when you will be in
character screen ri
selected the second again
character when you have reselected
again second character you will be
in the attention screen in that
Attention screen you will have to
disconnect your ethernet cable from the
modem router or in any case switch off if
you are connected via wireless wifi like
me the modem or the router
once this is done you will return to the single
player then when the. will be loaded
single player
just turn the modem router back on or
however , yours is reconnected
console that would be xbox 60 these
obviously centers with the ethernet cable
then to the modem router once
made your connections or via
wireless or ethernet re connect
a playstation network xbox live
when you have reconnected to xbox live
however it is on playstation network
go online
then once you are
on the pause screen online
click on character and legs
character screen came e
select the first character
then he will ask you for the screen
of attention in which will ask you if
you want to change the character and if not
you want it you won't be able to do it again
etc. etc.
then just pressed hicks or a for
just say yes and you can
make any changes that
want your character and then
change it without problems anyway
for change and I saw change
of appearance and not change of
character I don't know why I said
this shit
okay let's move on to the second glitch for
making the second click will serve a friend is
the first thing that is your friend
will have to do is to be seized
any personal vehicle when there
police will seize a vehicle from you
any staff at this point the
your friend now enter his
apartment or better in his garage a
feet without any personal vehicle or
any other vehicle
so you have to tell your friend to make you
invite in his garage and you have to
enter his garage
at this point you will both have to go up
in any personal vehicle of the
garage goes to your friend e
so at this point you have to tell al
your friend to speed up practically
a screen will appear to him
attention here at this point you
you must press triangle y at the same time
time your friend where to press
hicks or whatever it is ae if you did
well this procedure then you
you will become invisible and you will come
pushed to the center of the map anyway
approached his apartment a
advice I can give you to perform
this gray is to do typical
321 away and at the start
you have to press the buttons you have
you must therefore press yours
friend where to press a at the start
and you must press triangle or
however y is at the start
finally the third click concerns us as
climbing the mountains more than a glitch is
a trick
as you can see I can't climb one
mountain running anyway is setting
normally here to climb this
mountain very easily enough for you
take any assault rifle
and therefore you must aim at the mountain e
while targeted and you have to move by going
towards the mountain and as you see
scales network in a manner
very very easy indeed any in
mountain with this trick not
it's just about the mountain
of the video said this please
let me just like it
two seconds and click that blue button
and really puts a lot of money
sign up for other content if not
you still did it and leave me on
evening facebook page you will find it in
asset description and uil xe tuto o il
next now three come into the
bank type this is a firm robbery
kikkio we shoot then they take out one
bag saying the money does inside first
do these before we shoot
after a second jump